[Music]
Let's see what nonsense
Laura said okay
apparently she compared Carlos El Yoya with
Antonio David This is it, let's go I
smelled it eh I smelled that at any moment I smelled that at
any moment the
TV factory would use the case of
Carlos Georgia to attack the being okay
to attack the being Antonio David okay
as if they were comparable as if they were
comparable okay I said it before outside
of the extract but I'll repeat it again
in the way I'm going to I'm going to apply it in
the most direct way possible okay It
's not only the fact that there is
a conviction or not, which seems to me to be a
very important difference By the
way, no, but it could even
happen that a person who has
mistreated another is not convicted, that
happens, that happens a lot because it can't be
proven and innocence is presumed first rather than
guilt, not when it comes
to putting someone in jail or
condemning them for whatever it may be, no, but it's
that Arrocito, we've been listening to it
for a long time, I'll blow a kiss,
queen, I saw your super, Thank you from before,
but it wouldn't let me  to comment a kiss
sweetheart thanks for always
supporting Javi there is only one link of him
testifying in the 2020 trial because
some audios were known that would be important
because it is exactly what I am mentioning
now if you find it it would be brutal to
complete the live the question is that
rice we have heard it we have
heard his story and we have heard
everything that you have put and it does not add up to us
that it is no longer yes no, well they have not convicted him because it has
not been possible to prove
no they have not convicted him because everything was
a series of lies everything was not
out of place and what Rocío wants to be convicted well
no it is not condemnable or rather like
No it is not abuse and Carlos I have already
seen him
Carlos I have already seen him in his
element many times on the sets he is a
very different person Antonio David and
Carlos yoya well in the trial in the
trial itself you can hear certain
audios and certain calls that
are very strong and the guy today Well today
today the interview came out I don't know what
day it would be no but the guy in the
interview
loving himself like well the guy appeared
in the forest he cited the world  in the middle
of the forest and the guy was like without
showering looking like that, not without a
t-shirt saying that he is a victim of the law
of gender violence. Let's see the law of
gender violence.
I am critical of the law of
gender violence and it is a law that must be
repealed of course okay but the law of
the law of gender beauty what we
criticize is that it has things that it
skips and is unconstitutional things, let's
see, it is not unconstitutional this was already
explained one day here on the
Yovana Carril channel
but it is contradictory with the
Constitution okay. I heard a while ago
an audio of Carlos very strong alanna
see if you can find it for me girl it would be
good to put it on today's live
La Movida that one thing is that the law
has things that are really
horrible I mean that they take away your child
without you being convicted they take away your
right to see your children If you spend a
night in the cell only because of the
word of a woman there are many things
but well from there to the case of
Carlos El Yo there is already a long way there is
a three Chaco okay because the things
that  They put it in Carlos's trial, they
would have already convicted him there, but with Lady
gender violence and without the law on
gender violence, you know what I'm telling you, I
mean, the guy wanted to give it to himself in
that interview as if he's a
victim of this system of new
feminism and these things, no, that's not the case, do
n't compare yourself to Carlos Salgado, I don't
have what's his last name, Rafa, the
acne of the
father of María Sevilla's child that
we interviewed on the main channel. I
mean, don't compare yourself with health, but
well, what do you think
about
interviewing a person
who is escaping
from going to jail? I mean, he
's condemned, he's
condemned, he's
condemned for being an abuser,
what do you think about giving a voice to a
person like that?
Rafael Marcos,
what do you think about giving a voice to a person like that,
giving him a space to
interview him, let's see, yes, it's true that
journalists have the right to, for
example, have seen this man in the
forest, no, and not reveal it to the police,
Melis. Thank you very much,
and not reveal to the police
where he is and so on,
journalists have the right to that, okay,
but I don't, I don't know, not morally. Let's
see  it's an interview here getting that
interview is a journalistically it
is Let's see it's a challenge it's a you know but
as a person no, I
mean he has prioritized professionalism
the journalist who has done that
interview to the heart
that can be done by psychics and
journalists have a have several
rights that maybe the
rest of us don't have for example a
journalist has the right to
for example to have certain
information and not reveal your source okay for
example imagine
that a doctor reads I know that a doctor
gives
private information about a famous patient to a
journalist okay
Well the journalist has the right to break
the news And
yes and not reveal his source but it
's Hoyas not Pablo Escobar laughing his
face laughing his
face
laughing his face and it's really
funny to me because
people say But how did
a journalist find him and the police can't find him and
the answer is very simple
The answer is very simple the police are
not looking for him I mean you
forgot that the police are
looking for this man I mean the police
are not looking for this man like going around
all day combing the
area to see if they find him, he's wanted
for capture if suddenly this man goes to
buy bread and a policeman
recognizes him and wants to arrest him, well, they'll stop him you
know, or someone might tip him off
and say, hey, look, a person who is
wanted for capture, Joyas, is here
in this booth, here in this forest. Well,
maybe he's there you know, but the
police aren't looking for him. I mean, if
suddenly this man goes to a town,
imagine a town like this where
people don't watch TV and where they ignore the
noise and everything happens and
the man is out there living his normal life
in the town and nobody calls the police
to file a case, the
police aren't looking for him, do you
understand? Now, if they find him or they
run into them, they find him. Then they
arrest him and put him in.
Can a priest betray a murderer who
has confessed to him? Don't
priests? They also have that right. It's
true. It's true.
I wouldn't have liked to do
an interview with Joyas at all because I think that
this interview has no
informative value because it contributes
absolutely nothing that he hasn't already said. It's
clear that in fact  a little bit
sixth and in this in particular If I
agree a little with Laura fa or rather who is
this guy going to bring me in that
interview who is indeed the
most wanted character right now, damn it because he is
precisely wanted. But
what is he going to tell me that he is
innocent, is he going to tell me? The scoundrel,
you know how, girl, in the trial,
someone could have arrived
and in the end, a voice is given
to someone who only re-victimizes.
Here in this program, we stopped
giving a voice in a very similar case for a reason
because in a very similar case, he says What a
shame, man. I hope that Antonio
had made the goal, a good lawsuit
too, and that his hair falls out, a
very similar case. Yeah, well, exactly the same, let's go, exactly the same, let's go, it
's
massively, it's not, listen to me,
this faina is here at home, butterfly
with him, he
is a
fugitive.
Informatively,
the comparison that the aunt makes is interesting,
look how sad, eh, with how pretty
the girl is. This is the task, the one who
was with him, the mother of his children, no, she
is very cute, she always has been
[Music]